#                       User Agreement ！

Once the user has successfully registered, he becomes a legitimate user of the YY recipe and will get a password and username. The user is solely responsible for the security of the username and password. In addition, each user is solely responsible for all activities and events conducted under their username. You can change your password at any time according to the rules. If the user finds any illegal use of the user account or a security breach, please notify the YY recipe immediately. YY recipes respect the privacy of users. Without the authorization of legitimate users, this website will not disclose, edit or disclose its registration materials and non-public content stored on this website unless there is legal permission or authorization from legal users. It is considered necessary to disclose this information on the basis of: (1) The user authorizes the website or authorizes someone to disclose the information through an email service. (2) The corresponding laws and procedures require the website to provide the user's personal data. (3) Comply with the relevant laws and regulations and comply with the legal service procedures of this website. (4) Maintain the trademark ownership of this website. (5) Strive to maintain the privacy of users and the public in an emergency. Meet other relevant requirements.
YY recipes, any unit or individual may not conduct commercial or non-commercial activities in the name of the company and all its websites without the authorization of the company. The services provided will be strictly in accordance with the terms of service and operating rules issued by the Company and this website. Users must confirm all terms of service and complete the registration process in order to become an official user of the YY recipe.


The user's personal use of the network service is at his own risk. All the information provided by the YY recipes is for the user's reference, and does not provide any specific guidance for the user's business operations. The user shall bear the commercial activities and risks of using or providing the information of the website. The YY recipe does not guarantee that the service will meet the user's requirements, nor does it guarantee that the service will not be interrupted. This website will try its best to ensure the timeliness, accuracy and security of the service, but will not make any specific commitment to timeliness, accuracy and security. There are no guarantees for any merchandise shopping service or transaction process that users receive using the YY recipe.
